
This file lists known bugs in the 1.0 release that were not considered "release
critical" (euphemism for "hard to fix" :)):


1. Flicker when zooming in/out.

2. Flicker when the thumbnail makes its appearance.

3. ToolBox & Colour Palette RMB ToolBar Menus do not work.

4. Image dialog spinboxes should accept Enter Key (instead of the dialog's
   OK button) after the user has typed something.
   
      OR

   Spinboxes should signal that their values have changed every time the user
   changes the text (rather than after pressing Enter or clicking on
   another spinbox etc.).

   The need for the "Update Preview" button and the difficulty of keeping
   the percentages and dimensions in sync in the Resize / Scale dialog are
   manifestations of the current QSpinBox behaviour.

5. If you drag out a selection, manipulate it (e.g. move), undo and then
   manipulate it again, another "Selection: Create" is put into the undo
   history.

6. The undo history and document modified state are not updated during the
   drawing of multi-segment shapes (Polygon, Connected Lines, Curve).  They
   are however updated after shapes' completion.

7. Certain shapes may have the wrong size (usually only a pixel off and only
   in extreme cases) e.g. an ellipse of height 1 always has a width 1 pixel
   less than it should be.  This is a Qt bug.

8. At zoom levels that aren't multiples of 100%, parts of the image may appear
   to move when the user interacts with it.  Other minor redraw glitches may
   also occur at such zoom levels.

9. Keyboard shortcut changes do not propagate to other KolourPaint windows
   (but will propagate to future windows).

10. "File/Open Recent" entries are not updated interprocess.

11. The blinking text cursor will "disappear" if you type more text than you
    can fit in a text box.

12. You cannot select only parts of the text you write.

13. Due to a workaround for a Qt bug, writing text with the foreground colour
    set to transparent is incredibly slow.  Write your text in another
    colour and then set the foreground colour to transparent after you've
    finished typing to avoid this issue.


Please report all bugs to Clarence Dang <dang@kde.org>.

